---
title: "Moot: part 1"
date: 2023-12-02T16:43:23+01:00
draft: true
---

The grand auditorium, once a place of zeal and regard, was painted in a shade of confusion.
Words bounced back like particles, as the space was too tense for them to be heard.
But the same could not be said about other sounds: claps, steps, hits, and throws were as clear as ice.
The group was out of control, and that was no surprise.
Not even security was allowed this time.
The situation under discussion was delicate and had to be treated as such.

Officials and scientists from around the world were assembled to learn about the latest findings from the Italian National Institute of Geophysics and Volcanology.
The invitations were sent just a week before the event.
No specific topic had been mentioned, yet discretion was advised.
The magnitude of the event became evident the following days, as visas and permissions were issued on impeccable timing.

The press, of course, could not miss the boat, and immediately reported the fuss.
Fuss which they knew nothing about.


 -- scientists started using technology that detects earthquakes up to negative
 scale.
 -- they detect waves being emitted in an interesting pattern, almost organic

 -- they map the waves origin as a region with area x x x and about x metter
 inside the earth.

 -- they started studying the waves and their repercussions and it seems
 that the area is empty inside.

 -- based on the repercussions they trace a map of how this area look like

 -- study on the waves also suggests that they could be generated by movements
 of creatures of significant size, bigger than any creature found underground.

 -- but measures and estimations of the atmosphere in the area would make it
 impossible for any creature of that size to survive.

 -- the conference is to call for help from scientists on how to prepare for the
 encounter and look for vonluteers to create a team.
